Update codama-parser-generation.md (#93)
rpcpool/yellowstone-vixen: codama-parser-generation.md

```

**3. Build and Verify**

> Before building you project, check the pubkey in the generated_sdk/programs.rs 
> Keepint the pubkey is correct like this
> ```rust
> pub const DCA_ID: Pubkey = pubkey!("DCA265Vj8a9CEuX1eb1LWRnDT7uK6q1xMipnNyatn23M");
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before building you project, ensure there is a const export of the program address in `generated_sdk/programs.rs`:

```rust
pub const DCA_ID: Pubkey = pubkey!("DCA265Vj8a9CEuX1eb1LWRnDT7uK6q1xMipnNyatn23M");
```
```
